Update enroll doc (#10789)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/deployment/windows-autopatch/prepare/windows-autopatch-enroll-tenant.md

| Check | Description |
| ----- | ----- |

> | Co-Management | Advisory only check if co-management is applicable, to ensure the proper workloads are in place for Windows Autopatch. Should co-management not apply to your tenant, this check can be safely disregarded and will not block deployment of devices. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Co-management | Advisory only checks if co-management is applicable to ensure that the proper workloads are in place for Windows Autopatch. Should co-management not apply to your organization, this check can be safely disregarded and will not block the deployment of devices. |
```
